#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 02.07 20:42 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 2146 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                              # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*               # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                   # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*      # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*      # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.sand.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*              # (default: true) BREAK tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*               # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.diode.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*              # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.explode.*                                            # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.interact.*                                           # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.entity                                      # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sand.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diode.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.place.*                                              # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                   # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*      # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*      # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
fe.protection.trample.*                                            # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewingStand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.woolCarpet.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbleWall.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.doublePlant.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                 # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flowerPot.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.monsterStoneEgg.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpkinStem.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower2.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sand.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.clayHardenedStained.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stoneSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                              # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comparator.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.diode.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.woodSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower1.name
