#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 02.07 20:42 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 2146 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                              # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.exist.*                                              # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*             # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*               # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                             # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.*                                          # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                       # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                         # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                         # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                            # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                 # (default: true) USE Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                 # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                        # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                               # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                               # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                    # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                             # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                      # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                     # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                       # (default: true) USE Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                              # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                            # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*               # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                              # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                          # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fished.*                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                               # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                  # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                              # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                       # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                            # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                          # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                    # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                              # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                 # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                           # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                          # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                      # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                            # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                          # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                      # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                           # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                     # (default: true) USE Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                           # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                         # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                       # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                           # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                          # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                           # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                           # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                   # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                      # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                            # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                      # (default: true) USE Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                     # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                           # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                          # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                 # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                              # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                        # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                       # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                     # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                          # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                          # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                          # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                             # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                        # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                             # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                          # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                          # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                          # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                             # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                     # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                             # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                               # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                               # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                          # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                            # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                            # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                        # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                       # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                          # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                             # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                             # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                         # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                               # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                               # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                 # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                           # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                             # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                            # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                       # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                           # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                        # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                         # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                               # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                         # (default: true) USE Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                         # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                          # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                        # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                         # (default: true) USE Written Book
